docs: added mini paragraph about Conda and Env Modules (#42)
snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-slurm: docs/further.md

        slurm_extra="--qos=long --mail-type=ALL --mail-user=<your email>"
```

Again, rather use a [profile](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/executing/cli.html#profiles) to specify such resources.

## Software Recommendations

### Conda, Mamba, Micromamba

> While Snakemake mainly relies on Conda for reproducible execution, many clusters impose file number limits in their "HOME" directory. Using [micromamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/micromamba.html) in place of [mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which is recommended by Snakemake, might be a remedy: Micromamba does not save all the package files, hence users do not have to clean up manually.

Reviewer: Yes, but we have to first add micromamba support to Snakemake. There is a PR, but it needs to be adapted to Snakemake 8. I will try to finalize that ASAP. The most sustainable approach will be to first create an interface for deployment plugins and then move the PR code into a new plugin.

Reviewer: I have been in contact with them. Pixi is not really meant for usage with envs like micromamba/mamba/conda is. It is rather like a generalization of poetry. With one env per "project", and users not really interacting directly with envs. However, pixi builds on rattler, and I think it makes most sense to just use rattler-py (a python api to rattler) in Snakemake directly. I will soon work on the software-deployment plugin interface for snakemake, then move the conda support into a corresponding plugin and offer a rattler option there.

Author: > Pixi is not really meant for usage with envs like ...

So I noticed. Still need to wrap my head around this and how the differences can be introduced in courses.

Author: The last commit is an attempt to clarify.

        slurm_extra="--qos=long --mail-type=ALL --mail-user=<your email>"
```

Again, rather use a [profile](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/executing/cli.html#profiles) to specify such resources.

## Software Recommendations

### Conda, Mamba, Micromamba

While Snakemake mainly relies on Conda for reproducible execution, many clusters impose file number limits in their "HOME" directory. You can resort to[micromamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/micromamba.html) in place of [mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which is recommended by Snakemake: Micromamba does not save all the package files, hence users do not have to clean up manually. In this case, you need to install your environment for a workflow manually. Alternatively, run `mamba clean -a` occasionally for your environments.

> Note, `snakemake --use-conda ...` works as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, `snakemake --sdm conda ...` works as intended.
```

To ensure the working of this plugin, install it in your base environment for the desired workflow.

### Using Cluster Environment Modules

HPC clusters provide so-called environment modules. Some clusters do not allow using Conda (and its derivatives). In this case, Snakemake can be instructed to use environment modules. The `--use-envmodules` flag will trigger loading modules defined for a specific rule, e.g.:

```
rule ...:
   ...
   envmodules:
       "bio/VinaLC"
```

This will, internally, trigger a `module load bio`/VinaLC` immediately prior to execution. 

Note, that 
- environment modules are best specified in a configuration file.

> - `--use-envmodules` can be combined with `--use-conda` and `--use-singularity`, which will then be only used as a fallback for rules not defining environment modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using envmodules can be combined with conda and apptainer (`--sdm envmodules conda apptainer`), which will then be only used as a fallback for rules not defining environment modules.
```
